Cool, right, let's look at
the navigation exercise solutions.
I've broken these two
parts into four sections.
So first of all, what we want to
do is we want to move the colors
from the color palette to home and
then pass it and
the palette name to the color
palette components.
Right, so let's take these colors and
move them to home.
And now, I'm actually gonna
rename this to solarized.
Yeah.
And I'm going to just create
a second argument here.
So these are the props
I want to pass through.
And let's do paletteName; 'Solarized.
And colors, Solarized.
Cool, and now we go into the palette and
we're going to use the parameters
that are being passed in.
So these were in route, I think.
And let's do colors, will be route,
actually, let's destructure them.
Colors and paletteName.
And passing colors here and
the palette name in here.
Route.params.
Yeah, so this is a route.params,
not just route.
Yeah, so this is what now working.
Now we can,
In our color palettes we can get rid of
our colors cuz we don't use them anymore.
Cool.
[INAUDIBLE]
Yeah,
and yeah, if you haven't done it yet,
I've added the, made the background color
white cuz I prefer, I think white looks
better, crisper with all the colors.
Right, part two, make sure the page title
will be the name of the color palette
instead of the name of the page.
So this is actually done in the Home.js.
And we can pass,
not Home.js, sorry App.js.
This is actually done in the App.js and
we can pass a another parameter
called options, which,
where we can use to route and make
the pallet's name the title of the page.
I'm just gonna copy this, codes, and
I'm gonna add it as another argument here,
Into our color palette.
You see it's called updated, so
we actually get a color
name here which looks good.